hey you hamas terminal is holy and smell
tell me what to do
I do not speak material goods I speak of values
to me means more than to get you married
I'm very fond of money if today I
Had I really shared with me?
My family is better to me than mine.
friends are worth more times than we live
there is no money to pay with what
we have arrived in great places to
first recording with polly microphone
first composition and half name map
it was failure but for us it was another thing
Mozambique Street world of our
recordings of wine tip turned rap
the national ticket to samuel today is
idea
before I was already the thymu already in his
garden or three with didi evolved diction
luti night and do not stop fighting all
world in the world
You have the right to try not to be discouraged.
that the victory is coming will see that
it was worth all this time dreaming or
fight fight and do not stop fighting everyone
the world has the right to try not to
discourage not the victory coming more
It was always worth all this time.
dream the dream more but it's worth it
To dream I wrote my pure soul and pass
me motivate war without armor only one
way to gain the mind a past
people act without rushing
We walked then agreed I understood then
He's double-breasted because he did not speak
more water criticized us inside
I just knew the
my true ability he tried
create difficulties in riding kill the
I dreamed my dream did not affect
who attacked us ladder building
So we climbed up here and I'm here.
drawing his attention because he prepared
For me I saw a letter from one of his names.
all this from here that although it is not
like or never could exist vision lute
fight and do not stop fighting everyone in the
world has the right to try not to
discourage win rate
When will you see it's worth it all?
this field dreaming at night and
do not stop fighting everybody in the world
You have the right to try not to be discouraged.
that the victory is coming will see that
It was worth every effort worth
family
with all respect to all producers
from brazil plus the brat xauth from
money is the best